Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Hello. sun.
I ain't never thought
I had much to lose.
But now they done separated me
from my brothers.
Though I know
we shall reunite
once we leave this earth.
My last time getting
to see you rise.
My last morning
on your green earth.
Things look a whole lot
more beautiful
when you know
it's the last time
that you gonna see 'em.
No dancin'
to your heathen music.
Rufus Buck!
And no praying
to your animal gods.
No speakin'
in no savage tongues
of yours either.
We will kill the Indian
in you. Rufus Buck.
to save the man.
Hey there. feller.
Heard you're
a gravedigger.
Said you buried
a few famous people.
Buy you a drink?
Cognac!
Top shelf.
Higher.
Top shelf. Bob.
Call you Digger?
Digging graves
is what I do.
I'd like to think
it doesn't define me...
but it does.
There's talk about the frontier
coming to an end.
especially for men
like you and me.
You've been out there.
What have you seen?
Seen too many
reckless youngsters
end up with. uh. bullets
in their skull.
But as far
as the Wild West
being over.
it ended in my mind.
July 1st. 1896.
And what happened then?
Last outlaw gang
was hanged.
down Fort Smith way.
I was there
to do dirty work
at an unmarked grave.
And what was
so special about this gang
that they ended
the Wild West
all by theyselves?
Easy there.
this is liquid gold.
You want to hear
the end of the story or not?
They called themselves
the Rufus Buck Gang.
Teenage boys.
half Black. half injun.
Came together
at the hanging
of Cherokee Bill.
down Fort Smith way.
in March '96.
Had plans for an uprising.
or a vengeance
over the whites
who stole their land.
Some say they were
haunted by wild spirits.
ghosts of fallen injuns
and slaves.
Others that they were
senseless killers.
just too young
to know better.
took down
Sheriff John Garrett.
But their reign
of terror began
with the old Palmer family.
Let's go say bye
to Paul and Tommy.
I'm ready to go. Dad.
Oh. Tommy.
hold your pants on.
I'm almost done.
Well. why don't you
come over here
and give us a big hug?
Tommy!
We made enough food
for two days.
Three. in case
you need it.
I mean.
if you get held up.
Thank you.
There's some jerky
in there too
you can chew on.
if you get in a pinch.
Tommy.
- Oh. I love you.
- I love you.
- You're all grown up now.
-  Oh.
- You and Pa gotta watch
out for each other.
- Ma. you're being silly.
Fort Smith is only
20 miles away.
we'll be there tonight.
Get supplies in the morning.
then we'll head straight home.
Just leave a porch lantern
burning for us.
As soon as we hear
that buckboard comin'.
we'll put coffee on.
- Grandma?
- That's right.
And we'll bake
a chocolate cake tomorrow.
I wanna go with you.
Daddy.
Please? I ain't been to town
since last March
I know.
- Next time. all right?
- Please.
You gotta stay here.
You gotta help
Mama and Granny
with all the cannin'.
All right?
I'll bring you back
something special.
I hate cannin'.
I'll have everything
under control while you're gone.
You know. the tribes
has been quiet as mice
especially since Judge Parker
started hanging
a bunch of 'em.
All right. Tommy. come on.
We got a schedule to keep.
Godspeed. Chuck.
Give your parents
our love.
- Bye. Daddy. I love you.
- I love you too.
- I'll do a good job
with the cannin'.
- All right.
And maybe.
for my surprise.
you'll get me that gingham dress
I picked out of that catalog?
-  Nope.
- Maybe?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
- But I love you!
- I love you too!
Grandpa said
Judge Parker's right
in hanging them outlaws
in public.
It's a gruesome
practice. son.
I don't even think
in a civilized world
that that should be
indulged in.
But our preacher says
an eye for an eye
is in the Bible.
Yeah. but an eye for an eye.
if both men end up blind.
what good is that?
I think there's a creek...
right down over there.
Let's stop it right up here.
Why don't you
fill up the canteen?
All right.
Pa!
You all right?
I think we got your horse
back for you. Sheriff.
Ain't he hitched
to this here buckboard?
Color me blind
if he ain't. Maoma.
Well. well.
Looks like we got ourselves
a couple of horse thieves.
We ain't
no horse thieves!
No. no. no.
No. this. uh--
this here horse
is-is mine.
I bought it five years ago
at Fort Smith.
I still have
the bill of sale.
You wouldn't have
that bill of sale up on you?
No. I don't have the bill
of sale on my person.
but the ranchers around here
know that this is my-my horse.
His name is Casey.
We ain't the ranchers
from around here now. is we?
And that horse
right there. that's mine.
And his name ain't
no Casey. it's Demon.
And you stole him.
Which is a hanging offense
in these here parts.
If my understanding of the law
serves me correct-like.
Listen closely. old feller.
You most wrongly
transgressed
when you done pilfered
our good sheriff's mount.
He ain't more than 19.
How're you a sheriff?
He's older than he look!
We his posse.
We've been
legally deputized
by the chiefs
of the Creek Tribe.
We ain't about to take no buck
from no horse thieves.
Boys. I say
we have a trial first.
You need a fair trial.
always before a hangin'.
Sam.
Maoma.
Let's go ahead
and tie him up.
Sir.
you're making
a huge mistake.
But this horse is mine.
I swear.
- Maoma.
- This horse is mine.
I am not a horse rustler.
Maoma. get the boy.
No. no. no. no. no.
No. you can't. you can't.
You can't tell us
what we can't do.
Pa!
But if'n you behave.
I'll go ahead and let
your boy live and go free.
Pa. no!
No need to be
getting upset. boy.
You know.
when I was in school.
they told me a story
about y'all white folk God.
and how he done killed
all y'all people in a Flood
for being so evil
and sinful.
Now. you believe
in God. boy?
Sure do.
God is good!
"God is good."
Well. why'd he go ahead
and let y'all live again?
To come and take
the Indian land?
Can't you see
that there just might need
to be another Flood?
We did--
We didn't do this
to your people. friend.
- Hey!
We are not your friends.
Hey. Lewis.
How many men we done hanged
that claimed
that they was innocent
if'n we listen to them.
which we did not?
Damn straight. Lucky.
We saw right through
their dirty lies.
I beg you. please.
Please don't do this.
Okay. now. We ain't gonna be
needing no more testimony.
Justice shall now be served.
Aight.
Okay. y'all boys go ahead
and be the jury.
I'll be the judge. Now...
How many of y'all see
that this horse thief
right here is guilty?
- Aye.
-  Aye.
Ayes have it.
Guilty as charged. then.
The sentence is
death by hanging.
Pa!
No!
Sam.
Pa!
Pa! Pa. no!
Hold it right there.
Go ahead and let him have
a little minute with his boy.
- Tommy. come here. Hey.
- No. Pa!
- Hey. hey.
- No.
- You be a good boy. okay?
You take care of your mama.
You don't let her pity on me.
-  No. Pa.
- You let her know
that I return
to the Lord now. okay?
- Sam.
- No!
Stop it! Stop!
Pa. please!
No!
No. Pa!
Let's trade out
these horses. leave
this boy and his wagon.
You. girl!
Where's your keeper?
You know
who I'm talking about.
Peta Nocona.
Keeper of the harem.
You go get him.
- Why are you here?
- Go from here.
Girl. you better
go get him now.
How can I help you?
Sheriff Garrett was killed
recently. Mr. Nocona.
But you already know that.
As a medicine man.
you know everything
that happens
in the Creek Nation.
People tell me things
because they trust me.
I'm about to have
my lunch. Come.
John Garrett was killed
down the road a ways.
Eat. Drink with me.
I'll have his body
brought to you.
I assume. then.
you know
who murdered him.
"Know" is a strong word.
I suspect it was young
Rufus Buck
and some others.
The Davis Brothers.
Lewis and Lucky.
Perhaps. uh.
Sam Sampson
and Maoma July.
They all observed
the hanging of Cherokee Bill
at Fort Smith.
A little blackbird told me
it kindled a rage
in these young half-breeds.
They felt the need
to kill somebody.
Somebody white. that is.
Where do you reckon
these five be now?
Who knows?
But they won't go far.
Well. why is that?
Because they are very stupid.
Hm.
Well. stupid is
the worst kind
of dangerous.
Especially now
that they got
a taste for blood.
But can you blame them?
For murder?
It would only be fair.
Well. what about you.
Mr. Maledon?
I don't blame 'em.
I hang 'em.
- Mm.
- As the law dictates.
The white man's law dictated
that generations
of Indian men and women
were slaughtered
on their own lands.
Not to mention
the African people
were brought here in chains.
This law you speak of.
it is a fickle judge indeed
of what you claim is fair.
Hm.
Hey. you have a spittoon?
Thank you.
That's a filthy habit. sir.
Hm.
Well. you got a lot
of these young squaws
running around
for your pleasure.
Is that a filthy habit
or is that a predilection?
I get those two
mixed up. George.
I look after my people
as family. Mr. Heck Thomas.
Hm.
Mr. Nocona. you gave us
the names of the killers.
For that. we are grateful.
Those Indian
school missionaries
thought they were doing
their god's work.
by driving the heathen demons
out of us savages.
Whatever happened
to Rufus Buck and his gang.
they were turned
that way by the whites.
I call it
death by civilization.
Hm.
Well. that's
a real sad story.
What's so special
about this Rufus?
They think he's destined
to be a great leader
and drive
all the white people
from the land.
I can't say I agree
about his future.
but I'm just
a simple medicine man.
So. uh.
you suspect you're gonna
take your turn walking
anytime soon. George?
Let me ride
a little more.
This lumbago
is killing me.
You ain't got
not damn lumbago.
I've seen you prancing up
on them gallows
like you was a damn cat
with a canary.
You ain't got
no damn lumbago.
Lumbago hurts
all the time.
I just don't let
the people see it.
Oh. so it's your pride
that makes you ride. huh?
No. Just appearance
and style.
That's what you gotta have.
You don't have that.
you're nothing
but skin and bones.
Besides. I got
this writer. Crosby.
He's gonna do a piece
on me for a dime novel.
What. you gonna be
the next Buffalo Bill Cody?
Nope. Just a simple hangman.
With a legend to tend to.
Now. George. how in the hell
did you become
such a celebrity
for hangin' people?
I'm not just a hangman.
I'm a deputy marshal.
just like you.
And I've dealt with my share
of hard cases.
Not as many as you. though.
but a half dozen or so.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
- Oh. Georgie. Look.
Boy.
What you doin' out here?
It's all right. son.
We're federal marshals
out of Fort Smith.
for Judge Parker.
Man who killed my father
had a badge too.
Said my father
was a horse thief.
That your daddy
in the back. son?
Yes. sir.
Man with the badge let me
take him home to bury him.
You mean they did this
to your daddy?
Sheriff and four men.
Said they was his deputies.
And they was all young.
some of them was half-breeds.
Let's take him with us.
All right. Tommy.
I want you to stay here.
son. all right?
- Yes. sir.
- You tend the horses.
Let's go. George.
Where's Jolene?!
- God damn it. George.
get that boy outta here!
He don't need to see this!
Get him out of here!
Jolene! She could still
be in there!
We all die.
It was their turn.
Relax. Relax.
Heck Thomas
was as tough as old boot.
Turned many a soul like Maoma
over to types like me.
though none would imagine
little old Jolene...
would do the honors
with a pitchfork.
Hey there. cousin.
If it isn't
Charles Buck himself.
How's the fishing?
Catch us any supper?
Haven't caught nothing.
One bite and I lost it.
How is you. Rufus?
Oh. I'm better than ever.
And yourself?
Disgusted.
My ma and pa want me
to keep going
to that there Indian school.
They won't let me drop out.
Indian school.
What they trying to teach
you all up in there. huh?
How to be more
like the paleface?
Tell you that our ways
of life is over?
I don't feed
into their poison
not one bit.
Reason we started
robbing 'em. killing 'em.
We gonna scare 'em
off this land.
And we gonna take
they women too.
just like they took ours.
We wild and free.
Wild and free. huh?
Who is we. Rufus?
Oh. you know 'em.
Sam. Lucky. Lewis.
What about Maoma?
Little white girl
done killed 'em...
while we was kidnapping 'em.
So we gon' go ahead
and sell her off
to that medicine man
in the Creek Nation.
But on the way
to Creek Nation.
we's going pull us off
one big ol' job.
Have all the white folks
around here scared of us.
You reckon I could take
Maoma's place?
Just what I was thinking.
Seeing all that blood
up on you. Maoma's blood.
make me wanna
kill you myself
for my dearly
departed brother.
All right. So what's
the play here. boss?
We gonna take what we want?
- Damn straight. Lucky.
Hey!
Hey. Bart!
Get out here!
What in the hell is
the matter with you?
Shouting at me like that.
I spilled my whiskey.
Get down
and lick it up then.
Bart. you got plenty much more
where that came from.
Now ain't that right. Bart?
I...
Yeah. I...
I'm gonna head-head
back to the hole
and get you guys
some firewater.
Don't you call it
no firewater. God damn it.
That's what you call it
when you water it down
and give it to us injuns.
Get 'em drunk. fleece 'em.
You know.
I spent some time
with your late father.
I always gave him
whiskey for free. Rufus.
And you remember that.
don't you. son?
Oh. sure. sure. sure.
I remember.
I remember
you used to water it down
and charge us triple
the price for a bottle.
Same bottle that paleface
ain't even wanna touch.
Right?
Same paleface used
to give us trinkets
and stole all our land?
You remember?
We fixin' to drive
all the palefaces out.
There's too many
of us nowadays.
It's 1895.
You can't drive
a white man out
with butchering and scalping
and everything like that.
left and right.
We should learn
to get along.
I mean. the white man
and the the red man. and...
and even the Black man.
Shut up. old man.
Fetch us that whiskey.
Don't be stingy now.
grab one for each of us.
I don't mind.
I just. uh.
I hide the good stuff
back there.
so I'll be
right-right back. boys.
Just hang there.
What you doin' there. Bart?
Whew!
Whooo! Hey. Rufus!
Hey. I mean...
We can sell
all this whiskey
and these rifles
for a lot of cash. Rufus.
Damn right. Lucky.
We gonna get stinkin' drunk
and have us a hell of a party.
Go ahead and dedicate this
to our dearly departed
brother. Maoma.
He died for our cause.
If I had to choose a man
to bring the rest
of them hellions in.
it would be Heck Thomas.
How many you hunted?
Law ain't my trade.
Well. the law
is the trade...
of men the likes
of old Judge Parker.
and his public executioner.
George Maledon
They're the most diabolical
bastards in the territory.
I relish the thought
of giving them a dose
of their own medicine.
My ropes will stretch.
That's a promise.
George. you do not
hang a man!
I do not hang a man!
The hand of God spreads
all across this country!
The law hangs a man.
The law. George.
And now you tell me
that at least one
of these desperadoes
will not have to suffer
the twinges of your twine.
Heck found 'im.
He was stuck like a pig
with a pitchfork.
One of the Palmers got him
on the business end.
And you think
that young daughter
could've done that?
Who knows?
Somebody did it.
But she's gone.
And Heck.
he wants to find her
before something
worse happens.
Now this Heck Thomas.
he's a-he's a renegade type.
Would you agree
with me on that. George?
He's frontier justice-type.
We need more of 'em.
After we buried the bodies.
I brought the boy back.
And Heck. he's gonna
track 'em at first light.
A brave man.
or a foolish one.
Or maybe
a little bit of both.
He wants to save that girl.
Do you really think
she's still alive. George?
I hope so.
'Cause if she's not.
I'll hang 'em twice.
-  I's hungry.
-  Quit your bellyaching.
Sit patient. Charlie'll be back
soon with some supplies.
I need
a private moment.
I need a private moment!
Untie the bitch.
Let her go ahead
and do her business.
And then when she's done.
just go ahead
and tie her to that tree
over there yonder.
Make sure you tie them knots
nice and tight.
Don't worry yourself
none. Rufus.
She won't be going nowhere.
- Especially if I get
on top of her.
- Wait hold on now.
Now. now. I want to go
at her first now.
Ya'll boys go get
some more wood
for this fire.
- You ain't my boss.
- Hey. quit your sassin'.
We's gonna need to operate
as a tight knit unit.
we gonna raise us an army.
And I second what he said.
- Get to gettin'.
- Okay. all right. Rufus.
We're goin'.
Don't you fret none.
You ready
for your private moment?
You thought
you was gonna get away
from us. bitch?
God will save me!
Ain't no God
down here with us.
Traitor.
He was trying
to send a telegram.
so I nailed
the no good bastard.
Oh. yeah? Let 'em
send that telegram.
Let 'em spread the word
of the Rufus Buck Gang.
Let 'em know that we got
this reign of terror
all over this town.
We's famous now.
They'll all be around soon.
Shouldn't we ramble?
Let 'em send they best.
And we gonna take
them fools out too.
And we's gonna take
this back in blood.
Sam Sixkiller.
My old friend.
Reckoned you'd show up. Heck.
This man is
Corporal Paden Tolbert.
He heard you were
in Muskogee last night.
asking questions
about Rufus Buck.
None of 'em
talk to strangers.
especially Mugani lawmen.
Mugani lawmen.
I'll bite.
What in the hell
is a Mugani lawman?
White man. like you.
Tolbert. correct?
Corporal Tolbert.
Well. you are Indian police.
so hopefully this information
might be of interest to you.
Rufus Buck and his gang.
they murdered a Mugani lawman.
John Garrett.
And after they killed him.
they decided to find
two Mugani ranch women.
and rape and torture 'em.
And when they were
done with 'em.
they slit the throats.
like true farm animals.
After that. they found
three Mugani men.
They took one of those men.
and they decided to hang him.
right in front
of his little Mugani son.
just so he could watch him die.
So when you tell me
that the people you talk to
don't want to talk
to a Mugani lawman.
that don't surprise me.
What surprises me is
that the people you talk to
wanna talk
to any lawman
of any color.
Anyways. Sam...
I trailed them boys
for quite a few miles
till the trail went cold
at Durham Creek.
Reckon you want me
to get up a posse.
hunt 'em down?
No. I don't want
your damn posse out there
banging around the bush.
You'd scramble these boys
from here to kingdom come.
I'm gonna go back out.
pick up the tracks again.
I'm gonna trail them boys
to wherever they're holed up.
and then I'm gonna set
an ambush for 'em.
I know you're not
the type to partner.
but I would like you
to team up with Paden here.
That way you can vouch
for each other.
I don't want
a Cherokee uprising.
If people think those boys
had vigilante justice
without a fair trial...
it could get ugly.
Things are already ugly.
Sam Sixkiller.
And you know me.
This old Mugani lawman
- works best alone.
- Same with me.
I could do this job
better without you.
- You'd just get in my way.
- There we go. all settled.
Yes. it is.
Heck Thomas.
That's a filthy habit.
And what do you call
that damn cigar
in your hand?
It's a prayer cigar.
Tobacco comes
from my people.
What about the whiskey?
It's from the Maganis.
White man invented it
to keep the Cherokee
from ruling the world.
Well. I'll drink to that.
Sam Sixkiller
is part white.
His father was Cherokee named.
Redbird Sixkiller.
Red got in a gunfight
with some Creeks.
killed six.
And they killed him.
I did not know that.
What happened then?
His mother
couldn't handle him.
So she sent him
to the Indian boarding school
in Carlisle. Pennsylvania.
And that's how
he was educated.
Hm.
Now. where did you
get your education?
I don't tell
stories of myself.
- Only about other people?
- Only other people.
That's the way
of a real detective.
The telegraph operator
at Western Union
got a cutoff message
from the Army Trading Post.
When he tried to respond.
he got nothing.
The line was dead.
He reckoned
the wires were cut.
What was the message
they sent?
Army distress signal.
The kind they use
for Indian attacks.
All right. thank you.
Let's hope that prayer cigar
of yours works
and brings us
some good luck.
You ready to ride.
Mr. Paden Tolbert?
Ready as you.
Mr. Heck Thomas.
Wishing we could've met
in church.
We could've been
boyfriend and girlfriend.
I'd sooner die.
What's the matter. baby?
You don't like Indian boys?
I'm only 17.
and I ain't afraid
of nobody.
When I turn 18.
I'll be a rich man
in the Rufus Buck Gang.
You ain't gonna
live that long.
You gonna get shot
or hanged.
You mean
like your daddy did?
You know
that's what Rufus
done to him. right?
Strung him up real good.
hoity-toity little brat.
Real good.
- I hate you!
- Come on. baby.
I can be nice too.
Charles!
Leave her be.
She's mine. not yours.
We's gonna have to clear out.
Well. damn. Rufus!
What's the big hurry?
'Cause we gonna
need to prepare.
Why? Because of them soldiers
in Fort Smith?
They won't be here
till about three hours.
even on fast trail.
And they're still gonna need
to get themselves
together first.
All right. now. I said
we's gonna need to clear out.
But. Rufus. don't we need
to doll up Jolene?
- If we wanna sell her.
-  That is right.
If we're gonna get her
all fine and. uh.
and gussied up. then. um...
Can I propose something. boss?
Can't we all just take
a turn on her. once?
So she can go ahead
and be damaged goods?
I'll have to go ahead
and sell her cheap? Hm?
I'm gonna let y'all know.
the man I'm gonna sell her to.
oh. that's one bad hombre.
That's Peta Nocona.
And you know how he like 'em?
He like 'em young.
He like 'em white.
Lucky!
And he like 'em virgin.
Boss...
I also like 'em that way too.
Me too!
That's everybody's thing.
All right now.
Lewis! Lewis!
Why you look so glum.
keep downing up
all that whiskey?
Don't you wanna
roll with us?
Feeling guilty about some
of the innocent people
we killed.
Not all of 'em.
but some of 'em.
God damn it. Lewis!
There is nothing innocent
when it comes to whites.
Did you forget?
They stole
our land from us.
They murdered us
by the thousands.
That's not innocent.
They're too powerful.
Rufus.
We may have our way
for a while.
but they will hunt us down
and kill us.
Not if we go ahead
and raise us an Indian army.
A new generation
of fearless spirit warriors...
who ain't afraid to die
for the Indian land.
Preach.
You really think
we could scare off
all them white people. cousin?
The only thing
that white men fear is this.
Now. if y'all go ahead
and follow me.
I'm gonna make y'all
kings of this new world.
All right?
Anything y'all see.
anything y'all want.
it's gonna be yours
for the taking.
Where does the evil
of men get born?
Jesus said he saw Satan
fall like lightning
from Heaven.
The devil was cast down
to Earth to walk among us.
What's that have
to do with anything?
Something possessed
them young boys.
What they done
wasn't natural.
Unless...
Something
gets inside of you...
like a parasite.
takes ahold of you.
and took ahold
of their better angels.
Well. how did Heck
and Paden catch 'em?
Was there some big gunfight
or something?
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Easy.
Don't get ahead
of yourself
and get
your money's worth.
Tommy.
Don't be scared.
They'll never be able
to hurt you again.
That's what I say to myself
every time I pull that lever.
"They'll never
hurt anyone."
What about the ones
that are still on the loose?
You're a fine boy.
How would you like
what happened to you
to be told to the world?
Now. I have a writer.
and he can publish
your story.
They're still out
there somewhere.
Rufus Buck and his gang.
Yeah. but...
you'll never
see 'em alive again.
Heck's hunting 'em down.
They can run and hide
like rats they are.
but what Heck
doesn't shoot...
my ropes will get.
The thing I worry about
the most is my sister.
Do you think
she's still alive?
I pray she is.
and that Heck
will bring her back.
Anybody in there?
U.S. Deputy Marshal
Heck Thomas!
Y'all put
your weapons down.
come out
with your hands up.
I promise you
a fair trial!
My God.
I'll keep
these reins handy
if you want to go on
and get my medicine. darling.
Do you think it's really
doing you any good. Sam?
I read about it.
It's all alcohol
and paregoric.
- Well. it helps me sleep.
Hello?
Mr. Foster?
Sorry. Mary.
I knew you were coming.
but. uh. nature called.
I have Sam's medicine
right here.
Seventy-five cents.
as usual.
Sam?
Sam!
Hyah. hyah!
Well. as we expected.
they cut the telegraph wire.
so we can't contact
ol' Sam Sixkiller
to send us
some reinforcements.
Meantime.
let's go out here
and inspect this crime scene
before it fades away.
What do you see out here?
Looks like the killers
went thataway.
Yeah. well.
I can see that.
But see here?
We've got a number
of horses here.
with mounted riders.
The other one here
looks like it's pulling
a wagon.
You're right.
What about Jolene?
What you reckon
happened to her?
Maybe they're
keeping her alive
for their pleasure.
God forbid. or holding her
for a big ransom.
Wouldn't put anything
past the bastards.
Hm.
Well. you're not defending
their renegade Injun ways.
I see.
They ain't Indians.
they're half-breeds.
Makes 'em crazy sometimes.
I'll have to factor that
into my figurin'.
Now. who do you reckon
they think would pay
a big ransom for Jolene?
Her family's
not exactly royalty.
by the looks
of their ranch.
What about Peta Nocona?
The old Indian
medicine man.
Likes 'em young.
He'll pay for the pretty
ones. so they say.
May well be with him.
You know. I've been
to his place.
and I cannot fault you
on your detective work.
Not by my mind. partner.
You're my partner now?
Just ran into
that cracker lover.
Sammy Sixkiller.
Did him and his old lady
right there on they wagon.
Been waiting to do that one
a long time. boys.
The man was a disgrace
to us Indians.
Man. how far away
is this guy
who's gonna buy Jolene?
Not too far.
Off in that Creek Nation.
Should be about 20 miles.
be there by dusk.
So what. we just
gonna sell her to him?
What's he gonna do
with her?
Shit. he got
about four wives.
He just don't like
to keep no one
when they get past they teens.
He go ahead
and drown 'em.
skin 'em.
Don't even matter now.
He just like to keep
a few of 'em around
for some work.
Cook for him.
clean for him.
Hey. that's all women
are good for. ain't it?
Fuckin'.
and makin' em work.
All right. y'all.
Saddle up.
- Tommy!
Good to see you.
I was afraid
you weren't going to come.
Come on in.
My name's
Seth Crosby. Tommy.
I write for Frank Leslie's
Pictorial Newspaper
I also write dime novels.
In fact. I'm working on one
about Mr. Maledon
as we speak.
He told me.
Mr. Maledon told me
what you went through.
You're a brave young lad.
I don't feel so.
It's hard to get
through the nights.
Did you talk
to your grandparents
about it?
My grandma cries
every night.
She tries to muffle it
in her pillow.
but I still hear it.
I just want to kill the people
that killed my family
and took my sister.
Can I help you?
Can I help you. son?
Hi. there.
We're on our way
to the Creek Nation.
Been traveling now for.
say. a day and a half.
And we was really just hoping
that your missus
would maybe be able
to muster us up
a warm cooked meal.
if'n. of course.
we was to pay you $20.
What's your name. son?
Where are my manners?
Sheriff John Garrett.
Indian Police.
And these here
are my deputies.
We got designs
on hunting down a man
by the name
of. oh. Rufus Buck.
You ever heard of him?
We've heard of him.
He don't operate
around here. though.
Yeah. we didn't
think so neither.
We think he might be hiding off
in the Creek Nation.
but you know. we have to take
all our provisions
to make sure we stay
hot on his trail.
Now. we's about half-starved
and worn out.
Would you be able to maybe
get us up some grub?
I can probably
rustle up something.
Might be enough
to feed all of you.
Except maybe
that tall one.
I'll check with the missus.
see if she got
some chicken parts.
We's gonna be
here a while. girl.
You best not make no fuss.
We'll kill you
and the farmer.
All right?
She says she's got enough.
She'll make sure
your bellies are full.
Y'all come on in
and sit around the table.
Make yourself at home.
Well. sir.
we'd be much obliged.
Mind if I ask you
for that 20 up front?
Oh. that'd be no problem. sir.
How can I help you. gentlemen?
We come
about Rufus Buck.
Who's your Cherokee friend?
That's my partner.
Paden Tolbert.
Tolbert.
That's a French name.
White man named
my great-grandfather
when he was a tracker
in the French and Indian War.
Following
in his footsteps. I see.
as you track
these young ruffians
through the wilderness.
Well. we have reason
to believe that they. uh.
kidnapped a young girl.
killed her parents.
and we don't believe
that they're gonna ransom her.
And what do you believe
their intentions would be?
Maybe they think
they could sell her to you.
I told you they were
stupid. did I not?
Well. you did say something
to that effect. yes.
I would not pay
for that girl.
for I would not
want to be hanged.
Maledon will gladly
do that business.
But how about. uh.
you aid us
in our investigation.
therefore putting you on the...
the right side of the law?
Hm.
Your side.
The side you call the law
is as crooked
as the criminal side.
You only dress it up
in fancy clothes.
It's a matter of money.
It spends both ways.
wouldn't you say?
Hm.
Are you. uh.
suggesting that we
pay you for information?
No. No.
Nothing that distasteful.
I will help you. gentlemen.
What information
do you have. Nocona?
If they're headed this way...
they're on a rampage.
and they will rape and kill.
Who. Mr. Medicine Man?
The farmers of this area.
The Patterson farm
comes to mind.
Yeah. I know that place.
These boys were ripped
from their parents.
sexually abused.
as was I in my youth.
Ain't no excuse
for what they done.
Oh... It's not
an excuse.
But it is...
What?
It is the seed
of much evil.
That's a mighty
fine meal. Ms. Ellie.
We're much obliged.
We need us all our energy
- to go ahead and chase down
them bad guys.
-  Mm-hm.
And Rufus Buck is
one of the worst.
Now. I'm curious about
something. Mr. Spencer.
Pray tell.
how did you get to own
this little piece
of property here?
My parents left it
to us. me and Ellie.
And we built a cabin
down there by the way.
so we can help 'em
work the fields.
So now we just keep
the cabin for guests.
and we moved in here.
Well.
ain't that sweet.
Well. we get by.
but it takes a whole lot
of hard work.
Hm.
Now. I can't help
but wonder.
how did your mom and daddy
own the farm? Hm?
Who'd they pay for it?
We didn't pay
anybody for it.
When the territory opened up.
you know. settlers
came out. took land.
make something of themselves.
Hard work.
That kind of opportunity.
it doesn't exist back East.
Ain't it bother you none.
or your pappy.
that this was
already Native land?
To be honest. we never
really thought about it.
You know? The government
makes the law.
not the Indians.
Besides.
they wasn't working it.
They was just letting it
go to waste.
We didn't do anything wrong.
and neither did
my husband's parents.
Everything they did
was fair and legal.
By whose laws?
Indians got laws.
Indians got ways.
The way I see it.
this land is stolen.
Yeah. the whole thing
vexes me.
Shouldn't be this way.
Rufus.
- I mean. Sheriff Garrett.
Let's get on up
out of here. Rufus.
We may not have much time.
Let's negotiate.
Now. that was a mighty
fine meal. Ms. Ellie.
But food is only one
of the animal urges.
So let's go ahead
and say $20 for the meal...
and how about $3
for our other appetites?
You're crazy!
She's not gonna
let you violate her.
and neither am I!
Why?
Don't you like the price?
What if we go ahead
and up it by two bits?
Now Ellie.
this is your chance
to save your husband's life.
Now.
we giving you
a choice.
and that's a whole
lot more than we got
when our land was stolen.
women raped.
children killed.
We had nothing
to do with that!
That's 1.000 years ago.
Now y'all keep
calling me crazy.
but can't you see
that I'm the one
in control here?
Or is you just too stupid
to see that. farmer?
It's plain. I'll do
whatever it takes
to save our lives.
Now that's most sensible.
Ms. Ellie.
And if you gots to do it.
you might as well enjoy.
You only get in
what you put in.
Now ain't that right. boys?
-  Yeah.
-  That's right.
I don't want
no sloppy seconds. Rufus.
- Hush up.
-  How about. uh...
we draw for it?
High card wins.
Lewis?
Woo-hoo-hoo!
Got me a ace.
I know y'all boys
can't beat that.
Now that ain't fair!
He's just a kid.
King.
I guess I'll go second.
Now you see
how diplomatic I is. boy?
Lowly six.
I'm lower than that.
I got a three.
That's too bad.
Go ahead now. Charles.
Didn't I tell you
you'd be doing good
once you joined us?
Come on. girl.
- Oh. hey!
You're all going to hell!
And I tell you this.
you better kill me.
- Girl. get in there.
- And be quick.
'cause these boys
are hankerin'.
Oh. yeah!
Don't try nothing funny now.
Do as I say.
and we'll let you live.
okay. honey?
And don't you worry none.
I'm real good.
You're gonna enjoy it.
Stop all that crying.
We start young
with our squaws. okay?
- Don't worry about it.
Nothing funny now.
Stop it.
This will be fun.
Stop it!
Stop it.
Ow!
- Come on.
- Ow!
- Shh!
Slowly. slowly.
Slowly.
Mm.
- Like that?
Here.
Mm.
Yeah...
Shh...
Come on. boy.
Come on. quiet.
quiet. quiet. quiet.
Sorry. boys.
Lady Luck rides with me again!
Come on.
Ellie and Jolene
made a break for it.
with the lawmen
tracking them boys
through Indian territory.
where borders blur
between civilized lands
and wilderness...
and men's morals
can blur just the same
in the ruthless
and unforgiving outlands.
Marshal!
Marshal! Marshal!
I'm Ellie Patterson.
They killed my husband.
they tried to rape me.
and I got away.
Where are they?
They're at the house.
They're a bunch
of half-breeds.
He said his name
was Sheriff Garrett.
Who is this girl?
I'm Jolene Palmer.
They killed my mom.
my family.
They done kept me for days
against my will
- until she came.
- All right.
listen to me. girl.
You get her in town now.
go see the doctor.
You fly like the wind.
you hear me?
- Yes. sir.
- Go!
This ends now.
Hey. come on now. Charlie.
These boys are waiting.
Hurry it on up.
-  Come on!
Let's see 'im!
All right now.
Charlie.
Come on now.
your time's up.
That bitch!
Hey. she getting away!
- U.S. Marshal Heck Thomas!
You're under arrest!
All y'all boys
take position!
Get to a window!
To a window!
You want peace?
Come and get it!
- Hey! I want to talk to you!
- Come on!
- Huh?
- Come on. you dumb shit!
You can fight and die here.
or you can surrender
and go back in shackles
and face justice. boys.
Fuck me!
Till you've been
in a shootout.
you'll never know
what it's like.
Your senses
go into a haze.
It's like time stops.
and you enter a dream state.
Anything's possible
in that world--
Feats of daring
or disgrace.
Hard men
maintain their focus.
where the rest
die like dogs.
Stop firing. God damn it!
You're wasting bullets.
So are they.
We gotta keep 'em
pinned down in that house.
all right?
They're gonna run
out of ammunition.
So I need you--
listen to me!
Listen. God damn it!
Work your way
around the backside.
so you can cover
the back of the house.
You got me?
- Do you hear me?
- Great plan.
as long as I don't
get killed in the meantime.
I told you you'd
be good at dime novels. Heck.
How'd you know
we was out here?
I stopped
at Peta Nocona's.
I thought
your lumbago was bad.
It is.
I got some sad news for you.
Sam Sixkiller
and his wife were killed.
I believe by the Rufus Gang.
- Where?
- In Muskogee.
The ones
that killed him
are inside the house
shooting at us.
- I'll cover the back.
-  I got you.
- So. what do we do now?
- I got a plan.
One of us re-directs shots.
Two of 'em go pick 'em out.
while the other two
slip out the back.
How about one of us
keeps 'em pinned
while three get away?
- Get away where?
-  Into the forest!
Anywhere they ain't!
We'll do like Custer
and his men did.
Custer?! What's so good
about Custer?
That bitch!
They kept their last bullet
to they own selves.
when they couldn't do no more.
They blew they own brains out.
Custer's lieutenants
just didn't wanna
be tortured.
Them boys ain't
stand for nothing.
They ain't wanna face
no punishment.
Would you?
White man.
he ain't gonna torture.
He think
he more civilized than us.
So. what will they do?
They gonna put us on trial.
And that's when we can
defend ourself.
Let the whole world know
what we did and why for.
We gon' probably go ahead
and get the rope...
but they might just be
soft-hearted.
By and by.
We all knew
it had to come to this.
Chips been stacked
against us.
And it's been that way
our whole lives.
It's been a pleasure
rolling with you boys.
Hey. hey. hey. Now.
what are you
talking about. Rufus?
All right. Are you--
Are you trying
to cash in on us?
What about all that talk
about us raising an Indian army?
You said we were gonna
raise an Indian army.
What about--
Y'all was it. my brothers.
We might as well be
ready to call it the end.
Unless somebody wanted
to go head on out there.
and distract them lawmen.
while the rest of us.
we make it out
through the back.
It'd be my honor. Rufus.
Lewis...
You give 'em hell. okay?
Tell mama I love her.
I tip my hat
to the Rufus Buck Gang.
If you want to surrender.
you put your guns down.
and you come out
with your hands
where I can see 'em.
We ain't fools!
You'll gun us down!
Not if you're
surrendering.
you dumb shit!
I'm U.S. Marshal Heck Thomas.
and my word means something.
Come out!
Paden. you stay on the back!
Come on!
Come on. you simple
son of a bitch. Come on!
Where's the rest of your boys?
Surprise. surprise.
You watch him. George.
Don't you move.
You got
a good neck to stretch.
- They all come out?
- Yes.
I'm getting
real low on ammo. Rufus.
We ain't gonna need much ammo
for what I got in store.
Now. let's put
some pep up on our steps.
Put some space between us
and them boys. all right?
- All right?
- Okay. Come on. let's go.
We've got
two sets of tracks here.
A single set here.
looks like you have two
or three on this side
Let's split up.
You'll take on that track.
I'll take on this track.
Howdy there. Marshal.
Go ahead
and turn around for me.
Real molasses-like.
Woo-hoo!
Slow down now.
Go ahead and drop
that gun for me.
Now you heard me.
I said go ahead
and toss that rifle.
That piece too.
While you're at it.
go ahead and toss
that buck knife.
I ain't gonna strip you naked.
don't you worry none.
- Appreciate you.
Ah.
the great Heck Thomas!
To get
little old Rufus Buck.
You done brought
more men in to hang
than anybody
off in this Indian
territory.
I am honored.
And I give
every single one of 'em
the chance to surrender.
just like I'm giving
you now. Rufus Buck.
Oh. is that right?
That's right.
Damn it.
only one bullet left.
Son of a bitch!
Hey! Sam!
- You okay? Okay.
- Yeah. I'm good. Lucky.
You mine. boy.
Remember the name Lucky.
- Lucky!
Drop it. boy!
Or I'll drop you.
Death or justice. huh?
Your choice.
It seems like you
just gonna have
to be remembered
as a man
who gets done in
by Rufus Buck.
And you gonna be remembered
as a murdering coward.
raper and torturer
of women and children.
All for what. son?
The color of their skin?
The same as your people
done did to us!
All we done was brought y'all
civilization and opportunity.
You can't stop progress. son.
Well. it looks like
I'm just gonna have
to stop progress.
Paden!
I think you better
go help your partner.
I'll take care
of these buckos.
Go for it.
Go for it. son!
How fast are you?
If you think you're
fast enough. go for it.
Glad you could finally
make it. partner.
I see you got yourself
a little puppet.
He's a good little Injun.
Do you take
all your orders from him?
You done pledged
allegiance to they flag.
homage to Indian police?
That white man don't care
none about you.
That man don't care
for you none.
I can start us up again.
I'll bring us back.
Our culture.
our land. our tongue.
I promise you.
I promise you!
I'll start us up a revolution.
You listen
to that white man.
he ain't gonna do nothing
but take. take.
take from you.
I just need you to do
one thing for me now.
Just one thing for me.
Kill that white man.
You hear me?
Do you hear me?
Kill that white man.
Kill that white man!
Kill that white man right now!
Cannot do that.
You murdered my friend.
Your gang
will face justice.
Man's gotta decide one day
that he's gotta rise
above the level of animal.
Not that animals are bad.
they have a purity
in their instincts.
But man...
A man can touch
the face of God.
and live on
in that supernatural
presence.
Takes a lot of death
to see it all that way.
And believe me.
I've seen it all.
with a shovel in my hand.
But how does it end?
Couldn't say.
I'm not the Reaper.
I'm just a simple
gravedigger.
with a taste
for fine cognac.
For the people in the story.
not for me.
We're just dying to know.
In one man's story
is every man's story.
Remember that. stranger.
Only the grave
remains undefeated.
and it keeps me
in business.
But I've seen
all their ghosts.
6and I'll tell you...
which one
met their maker first.
All right. listen up!
I know you want justice.
And you want justice now.
Yeah!
But that ain't the way
the law works.
and you know it.
Uh. Sheriff.
The law don't work
too well up here.
But I'm willing to bet
this rope here
works just fine.
- Ain't gonna happen. partner.
It ain't the way
it's gonna happen.
Says who. Sheriff?
Don't make me
shoot you. mister.
Sheriff. you know
just as well as I do
those boys in that cell.
they need to hang!
They need to hang tonight.
and you know it.
What I know is
the man on my right
is George Maledon.
The hangman!
Judge Parker's right hand
for fittin' neckties.
Now. George and I hunted hard
to bring these killers in
so they could face justice.
And as God as my witness.
we will see justice done.
We're taking these boys
to Fort Smith tomorrow.
so they can face
Judge Parker.
And anybody.
any one of you sons of bitches
tries to stop us.
you're gonna face
the same brand of punishment
that these boys
are about to face.
Now these boys are gonna be
on that prison train
tomorrow at noon.
Now go on. get.
Go home.
- Get!
Go on!
You got no business
here no more.
You take your rope
with you. mister. go ahead.
Those sons of bitches.
- And what business
are you about?
Heck.
We got a story to tell.
That's the writer
I told you about.
Let him in.
From what I hear.
you boys don't have much
going for you
in the way of a defense.
So this is your chance
to tell your side
of the story.
if you'd like.
You're the leader. right?
Rufus Buck.
of the infamous Rufus Buck Gang.
That's right.
I'm him.
Great commander and martyr
of the next uprising.
Is that what this
was all about?
A freedom movement
of some sort?
Well. it's my name
that you sellin' them books
and papers on. right?
I'm Rufus Buck.
so I guess it's all about
whatever I say it is.
Yes. Mr. Buck.
That is a salient point.
Plus. you want to be
well remembered. right?
Yeah.
Frank Leslie's
Pictorial Newspaper
is the best place
to see to that.
Jesse James was
a stone cold killer.
- Jesse James?
- The Jesse James.
But we cleaned up his image.
and now he is
a Confederate hero
who was wrongly accused.
Jesse James.
George.
Just so you know.
Paden and I. we ain't coming
to Fort Smith with you
on the train tomorrow.
You know I ain't partial
to courtrooms.
We're gonna stay
right here in Muskogee.
Well. Heck...
I appreciate
all you've done for us.
- Anytime. old partner.
- Yeah.
Do you think the viciousness
you boys experienced
during childhood
caused you to go astray?
Well. I mean.
our...
our daddy was way worse.
Uh. way worse
than them Indian schools.
Our daddy was. uh.
well. he was probably
the meanest man
in the whole wide world.
Yeah. you'd think
being a freed slave
would cure him
of that curse.
but he mainly
just took it out
on me and my brother.
and my mama.
who was also Creek.
You gonna write that in?
- Yes.
- Okay.
What about you. Mr. Buck?
It is your story
as the leader
of this revolution
our readers most
want to learn about.
My ma. my pa?
Wasn't nothing like theirs.
There was no mean bone
in they body.
My mama Black.
daddy a Creek.
And they loved their little
simple life at the tribe.
I ain't seen
nothing wrong with it
till I got a little older.
I saw what y'all been
doing to our people...
and I started to hate
my mama and daddy
for being so damn weak.
Trying to be
like y'all white folk.
They told me stories
about how the Indians
freely roamed the land.
and how there was
millions of buffalo.
When I asked them
what happened
to all them buffalo...
they told me that the paleface
done killed them all.
And with no buffalo
wasn't gonna be no Indian.
Ain't got no buffalo
to hunt. to eat.
no buffalo for us
to make our leather.
so we got
our clothes and shelter.
And that be just one reason
why I hate y'all.
But you fellas
didn't just kill
white people.
Other Indians were
your victims as well.
Them boys was fighting
on the other side.
It's just kinda like something
just possessed us. is all.
Some kind of evil spirit.
Is this a different spirit
than the Great Spirit
you spoke of?
Could be.
Or you know what?
It could just be
that devil person
y'all Bible people
keep talking about.
The one they taught about
in the Indian school?
What happened to you
at the Indian school?
Don't you worry
none about that.
Same thing happened to me
is happening to them boys.
But that is the origin
of all this evil.
To hell
with your origin story.
I hate all y'all
for not allowing this world
to be the way
the Great Spirit
intended it to be.
And how did he
intend it to be?
A place where my daddy
got to roam free.
a place where my mama
wasn't in no chains
and a place where you stayed
your ass right back
where you belong!
Did you get what you need?
Yes. sir. I did.
Good.
Told you
I'd make you famous.
Well. I don't know. boys but...
I think he ate up
that story. hook. line. sinker!
- Whoo!
We's gonna be famous. huh?
What about you. Rufus?
You don't really
give a damn
about that buffalo
and Great Spirit talk. right?
I wouldn't know no buffalo
from no bull. man.
And I ain't even sure
about no Great Spirit.
Same way that white man
can't be sure about no God.
But if there is one.
how could they let us
get away with all
that we did?
We didn't get away
with it all. did we?
Hey. Rufus.
Do you think our story's gonna
make any difference in court?
Not a lick.
But we's going
have us a story
for when we dead
and buried.
I should not expect
a happily ever. then.
No. friend.
Tales like this
don't end pretty.
Not like. uh. them
in the dime novels.
with the fancy shootouts
in between the advertisement
for cigars and soap.
Justice may be blind.
but she's a cold ass bitch
to the man in chain.
Let's go. boys.
Keep up.
Told
the townsfolk noon.
but it's a six a.m. train.
Maybe that train just ain't
gonna be coming. old man.
- Right on time.
Neither Tommy Palmer
nor Jolene Palmer
will be testifying
in court.
Why not?
Tommy saw them
lynch his father.
Jolene saw them rape
and kill her mother.
Yep.
The death penalty
would be a sure thing.
Yeah. you'd think.
Prosecutors decided
to try them boys first
for the rape
of Ms. Rosetta Hassan.
Happened
about three weeks ago.
Carries the same death
penalty as killing.
Though those boys
did not manage to kill
that poor woman.
I reckon some folks think
that rape is worse
than murder.
They did so much evil.
Who would vote them
innocent?
Prosecutor thinks
it might be too devastating
for Tommy and Jolene.
especially at their age.
And says that if he doesn't get
the guilty verdict
like he wants.
we can always try them again
for the murder
of the Palmer family.
I'll never understand
the white man's laws.
Now that saves you
from trying to figure that
which cannot be figured.
I also just wanna tell you.
thank you for always
having my back. partner.
Same here. partner.
This is
on the house. fellas.
Paden Tolbert...
Let's get drunk.
To Rufus Buck
and his boys hanging.
You just take
your time. Mrs. Hassan.
I asked them
if they were hunters.
He just laughed.
and asked him
for some water.
My husband.
being the generous man
that he is.
sent my brother
down to the stream
to fetch a pail.
Then the real
nasty-looking one
pulled his horse
up in front of the others...
and doffed his hat at me.
And I looked at my husband.
because I knew for certain
we would be lucky
if we saw another day
on this earth.
I wanted desperately to save
my husband and my babies.
I told myself
that my own life
wouldn't matter
if it would just prevent them
from getting killed.
But God help me.
I do think a part of me wished
to save my own life too.
And now I'm having to live
this wretched existence
because I didn't have
the courage of the saints
and the martyrs
that I believe in.
Please.
continue. Mrs. Hassan.
They took me behind the barn.
made me undress.
and held me at gunpoint...
while all four of 'em
ravaged me.
I'll have
order in this courtroom!
Can you point out
the four men in this room
who did this to you?
Them.
I done wrote me a poem.
so they ain't just gonna
call me no stupid killer.
"I dreamt I wasn't here.
And when the angels fell.
I never seen
none so handsome.
a twine and golden hair.
They looked so neat.
and they sang so sweet.
and played the golden harp.
I was about to go ahead
and pick one out.
and take her to my heart.
But the moment that
I began to plead.
I thought of you. my love.
And there were none
I'd seen so beautiful
on earth and your Heaven above."
"Goodbye. my dear wife.
Goodbye. my dear mother.
Also my sisters."
So. was you there
for the hanging?
I was.
Saw young Jolene
in the crowd.
with her brother Tommy.
There was awestruck
by the spectacle.
And the gang...
choked back sobs.
trying to be brave men.
but they looked
like young boys.
They weren't the terror
of the Wild West.
except for Rufus Buck.
He looked wistful.
not once taking
his eyes off 'em.
Young Jolene.
I swear I saw a tear fall
from her pretty little cheek
when Maledon pulled that lever.
And the Rufus Buck Gang
disappeared forever.
Hey. vato.
At dawn.
I'll bring the shovels.
Don't be late.
Another dead soldier.
I thank you
for the fond evening.
and. uh. I bid you adios.
Well. that was. uh.
quite a journey.
I'll say.
There's a loss
along the road
That's right in front of me
But I don't know
where the hell it goes
I've been riding many nights
just to get there
But my destination
She's unknown
Maybe if I'm dead
I can lay my head to sleep
Before these demons try
to take my soul to keep
As the moon is staring
down from the night sky
Still I wonder. I try
While this misery
Well. it starts to wake me
As I'm trying
to ease my mind
As I'm searching
for their pieces
all around me
There's so many.
it's hard to find
Maybe if I'm dead
I can lay my head to sleep
Before these demons try
to take my soul to keep
As the moon is staring down
from the night sky
Still I wonder. I try
Now my spirit reaches down
and starts to haunt me
As I feel my soul
Try to drift away
As my world is crashing down
all around me
Is it just a dream
Or another day?
Maybe if I'm dead
I can lay my head to sleep
Before these demons try
to take my soul to keep
As the moon is staring down
from the night sky
Still I wonder. I try
As the moon is staring down
from the night sky
Still I wonder. I try
As the moon is staring down
from the night sky
Still I wonder. I try
As the moon is staring down
from the night sky
Still I wonder
I try